{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar 
\f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Elizabeth Tucker}{\operator Elizabeth Tucker}{\creatim\yr1999\mo8\dy6\hr11\min34}{\revtim\yr1999\mo8\dy6\hr11\min39}{\version2}{\edmins3}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords137}
{\nofchars784}{\*\company Wolverine Software}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cf9 

\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar {\fs32\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs32\cf9 "Front Wheel Drive" Motion}{\fs32\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\fs28\cf9 The previous example illustrated the use of rear guidepoints (RGPs) for animating the motion of wheeled vehicles. This example shows a different use of RGPs.
\par 
\par When a car makes a turn, its front and back wheels follow two different routes.  The back wheels always follow a slightly shorter route than the front wh
eels.  For example, when a car moves in a circle, its front and back wheels travel along concentric circles, with a rear wheel traveling along a circle of a smaller radius than the front wheel on the same side of the car.
\par 
\par In P4, an RGP can be defined as "pulled."  A pulled RGP is not attached to a path.  Rather, it is pulled along behind the object's hot point, using an algorithm that closely approximates car-like motion.
\par 
\par The following example shows the motion of two vehicles, a long one and a short one.  The hot points and RGPs of the objects are marked so that you can follow their relative motion.
\par }}