{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar 
\f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Elizabeth Tucker}{\operator Elizabeth Tucker}{\creatim\yr1999\mo8\dy6\hr15\min22}{\revtim\yr1999\mo8\dy6\hr15\min23}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords137}
{\nofchars785}{\*\company Wolverine Software}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cf9 

\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar {\fs32\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs32\cf9 Animated Train Graph
\par }{\fs32\cf9 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\fs28\cf9 
\par The next animation depicts the movement of trains between Washington, D.C. and Richmond, Virginia.
\par 
\par The names of train stations and a schematic drawing of the track layout are shown along the left side of the animation.
\par 
\par The movement of trains over time is depicted in what is known as a train graph.  Time is represented by the X-axis, and distance is represented by the Y-axis.  Trains moving south result in lines that slope downward and t
o the right.  Trains moving north result in lines that slope upward and to the right.
\par 
\par When a train is stopped, the line depicting its motion becomes horizontal (no movement over time).  If a train must stop at a siding to wait for another train, the line representing the second train will pa
ss through the horizontal portion of the line representing the first train.  For an experienced railroad planner, a train graph provides rapid insight into the quality of a proposed schedule.
\par }}